Hey Gabe!
Hey Olivia! How's it going?
Uh, you know, it's going good.
Just doing another letter writing territory.
So, you know how that is.
Okay, well?
Yay!
Good to see you!
Hey Sue, it's good to see you too.
Is that Gabe?
Oh hey baby, how's that though?
Hey mom, it's busy but great.
I'm learning a lot.
Oh look who just got home from work!
Hey Gabe!
Hey Max!
So, if it's possible,
can you send me some more of my things?
I can text you a list.
Absolutely, I'll get right on it.
Great, thank you so much.
Olivia, I'll let you get back to letter writing.
Great.
Hey!
Alright, we'll let you go, love you!
Okay, love you too.
Bye!
So Olivia,
I thought that you enjoyed letter writing.
I don't know.
It just feels like another letter,
another envelope,
and another black hole.
Black hole?
Yeah, you know, stuff goes in,
but nothing ever comes out of it.
It's not that bad.
What do you mean?
You were just telling me that no one's responded to you.
Okay.
Yeah, I get a little antsy for replies.
Like I texted my old classmate Sarah,
but she just hasn't said anything back to me yet.
I just hope I didn't overdo it.
What do you think?
Is it too much?
Do you think it's too much?
It's too much.
Sure, so, uh...
Sure, so you get back to you.
Alright.
Is everything on Gabe's list?
Thank you.
At least we'll have a little more room
for when your mom moves in.
Yeah.
Anyway, Gabe will love this.
He already told me how much he missed his fishing.
What if we do something a little different
for family worship this week?
Sure.
So, this is where you and Gabe would fish, right?
Yeah.
We learned a lot of lessons about fishing here.
So lately,
preachings felt like a black hole, right?
We have the right equipment.
But what does a fisherman need more than anything?
Second Corinthians 6'4.
It says, but in every way we recommend ourselves
as God's ministers by...
Now, what is verse 6, say, Olivia?
It says, by purity, by knowledge, by patience.
Patience.
It helps us to keep trying,
again and again,
to not give up.
And we're not casting into a black hole,
but into a blue sea full of deserving ones.
Now, maybe we can't see it,
but Jehovah knows they're there.
And it may take some time,
but if we're patient,
together, we'll find them.
Now, Irene's got some great ideas
on how to make our letter writing.